05-Oct-2023 Update:

The course has revealed so much knowledge to me and I am keen to make updates to this project to reflect 
the new skills I have developed, however the course is also very demanding and for the time being I will 
need to focus on the modules to complete the course successfully. I look forward to going back through the 
code with new priorities, as I will now first make sure that my code obeys python pep8 formatting rules 
and I may also add some classes to define machines and operators. Then I will work on integrating the SQL 
elements and multithreading/ multiprocessing the functions

-----------------------------------

I have spent some years working on factories, building factory stock management systems and analysing SQL 
data to simulate a factory OS system for production planning.

I always used to use excel vba to ping SQL queries off of SQL databases and Access databases, this document 
is written in python a language which I will be learning over the next 3 months for now this is just pure 
python, with a few comments to highlight further iterations that I wish to make to the code.

when run you will follow the adventures of Kevin as he tries to operate machine - MC001. The machine will
normally produce an SQL update string every cycle to represent part throughput, but it will occasioanlly 
break down. Kevin will try to keep up with maintenance and repairs, but ultimately he will fail, unless he 
can learn more skills quickly! Kevin gains more skills by successfully completing repairs to a very high 
standard, however if he fumbles difficulties rise and so do breakdown occurences.

I started off figuring out how to string functions together, but found that many values I wanted to hold 
sacred were getting changed by the code. This iteration has focused on dictionary definition, being careful 
where I link dictionaries directly and where I make copies and learning the intricacies of which methods can 
be used on which variable types. I decided to make it a little fairer on Kevin and added a high score system. 
There is no skill here its a random chance.

I start my Data_science course on the 12/9/2023 and in the 11 days before then, I hope to break this code down 
and add threads to it to have multiple operators working on multiple machines at one time. I also have a spare 
hard drive which I will be creating an SQL server on to practice my database set up, reference and updating 
skills. After I start my course I look forward to seeing what else I could add to this project!

To play with this code, unhash the machine_temp_vars tables to see different start up conditions and change 
Kevin's abilities in the operators table.
